README.md, before:


# S.C.A.L.U.
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/renardfute/SCALU/Java%20CI%20with%20Maven?logo=github&style=for-the-badge) ![LGTM Grade](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/github/renardfute/SCALU?label=%20&logo=lgtm&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/renardfute/scalu?logo=BookStack&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/renardfute/SCALU?label=ACTIVITY&logo=Clockify&style=for-the-badge) ![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/renardfute/SCALU?label=%20VERSION&logo=Apache-Maven&style=for-the-badge)    
--
S.C.A.L.U stands for **S**erver **C**reation **A**nd **L**aunching **U**til  
  
## <center>Goals <img alt="Looking far" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/ru1eqgLUBILiY9JH4v/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47pw8ibpr60wcfg2cyox0eh2xpanc2j89amyrrl4bx&amp;rid=giphy.gif&amp;ct=s" width="32"/></center>  

I want to create an application that can be used through code *(like an api)* or by and for humans, to manage and launch server.

This app will help developers of game such as Minecraft to manage the creation of server. This means that they will be able to setup blueprints of server and then ask SCALU to create one and launch it. Obviously you can make thousands of copy of the same blueprints, the real limit is your hosting server.

If you provide multiples blueprints to SCALU, you will be able to select any through code. Also, if you can launch a server we will be able to close it to, that's why SCALU will provide a tracking of your launched servers.

## <center>Plans <img alt="Map" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/j1yDpaiHugL1wHWUFQ/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47na7gwzq8f9c9x04w6x3hmvu0zacies0hd0jet90b&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="32"/></center>  

### Future <img alt="hoverboard" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/e5GitDU4gl764KoqQ0/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47ganbdsic3gwurxjxwqg11xc9uddcs78eakklu79a&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="32"/>

- GUI
- Web Management
- Server Tracking
- Multiple Game Management

### Done <img alt="Check" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/BNikicO9hwjNJETf03/giphy.gif?cid=790b761184bec1abfff1419d6be32f7d8ae39388176f59a7&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="16" />

- Nothing

### W.I.P <img alt="Check" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/Re42v0a6GSmJT09jUd/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47sqfj6l6gnlyykyk10x8pixeg70jv37shb45x8xdn&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="32" />

- Managing Blueprints
- Create Server
- Launch Server

## <center> More <img alt="Infos" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/6P1yUmliD12R0YqWBh/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47kkcjdywe6i8nhq7rydg9g2yr2bksoupqjd0888hd&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="16"/>

RenardFute   
[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?color=1DA1F2&label=Twitter%20&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Ffute_renard)
](https://twitter.com/fute_renard) [![DEV.TO](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&message=%20&label=DEV.TO&color=003E54&link=https://google.com)](https://dev.to/renardfute) [![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/renardfute?logo=Github-sponsors&style=for-the-badge&color=EA4AAA)](https://github.com/sponsors/RenardFute) [![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?down_message=OFFLINE&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge&up_message=ONLINE&url=https%3A%2F%2Frenardfute.fr)](https://renardfute.fr)

Commit message:

👀✍️ Work started for creation/reading of BP
Creating basic blueprint and getting them back is done

README.md, after:


# S.C.A.L.U.
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/renardfute/SCALU/Java%20CI%20with%20Maven?logo=github&style=for-the-badge) ![LGTM Grade](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/java/github/renardfute/SCALU?label=%20&logo=lgtm&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/renardfute/scalu?logo=BookStack&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/renardfute/SCALU?label=ACTIVITY&logo=Clockify&style=for-the-badge) ![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/renardfute/SCALU?label=%20VERSION&logo=Apache-Maven&style=for-the-badge)    
--
S.C.A.L.U stands for **S**erver **C**reation **A**nd **L**aunching **U**til  
  
## <center>Goals <img alt="Looking far" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/ru1eqgLUBILiY9JH4v/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47pw8ibpr60wcfg2cyox0eh2xpanc2j89amyrrl4bx&amp;rid=giphy.gif&amp;ct=s" width="32"/></center>  

I want to create an application that can be used through code *(like an api)* or by and for humans, to manage and launch server.

This app will help developers of game such as Minecraft to manage the creation of server. This means that they will be able to setup blueprints of server and then ask SCALU to create one and launch it. Obviously you can make thousands of copy of the same blueprints, the real limit is your hosting server.

If you provide multiples blueprints to SCALU, you will be able to select any through code. Also, if you can launch a server we will be able to close it to, that's why SCALU will provide a tracking of your launched servers.

## <center>Plans <img alt="Map" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/j1yDpaiHugL1wHWUFQ/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47na7gwzq8f9c9x04w6x3hmvu0zacies0hd0jet90b&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="32"/></center>  

### Future <img alt="hoverboard" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/e5GitDU4gl764KoqQ0/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47ganbdsic3gwurxjxwqg11xc9uddcs78eakklu79a&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="32"/>

- GUI
- Web Management
- Server Tracking
- Multiple Game Management
- Parameters (Being able to replace some placeholder in the blueprint)

### Done <img alt="Check" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/BNikicO9hwjNJETf03/giphy.gif?cid=790b761184bec1abfff1419d6be32f7d8ae39388176f59a7&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="16" />

- Nothing

### W.I.P <img alt="Check" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/Re42v0a6GSmJT09jUd/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47sqfj6l6gnlyykyk10x8pixeg70jv37shb45x8xdn&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="32" />

- Managing Blueprints
- Create Server
- Launch Server

## <center> More <img alt="Infos" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/6P1yUmliD12R0YqWBh/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47kkcjdywe6i8nhq7rydg9g2yr2bksoupqjd0888hd&rid=giphy.gif&ct=s" width="16"/>

RenardFute   
[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?color=1DA1F2&label=Twitter%20&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2Ffute_renard)
](https://twitter.com/fute_renard) [![DEV.TO](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?style=for-the-badge&logo=dev.to&message=%20&label=DEV.TO&color=003E54&link=https://google.com)](https://dev.to/renardfute) [![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/renardfute?logo=Github-sponsors&style=for-the-badge&color=EA4AAA)](https://github.com/sponsors/RenardFute) [![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?down_message=OFFLINE&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge&up_message=ONLINE&url=https%3A%2F%2Frenardfute.fr)](https://renardfute.fr)
